greetings internet people ranting Ramsey
here and today we are going to talk a
little about people who talk trash on
video games online and most of my
experience comes from first person video
games and from playing fifa online but
i'm sure it goes on in in other sports
games and other player versus player
type games as well now this video is
actually it's meant to be more of a
direct message to my clan on socom
confrontation which is team double helix
TBH if we've ever kicked your ass in
game i'm sorry actually no I'm not huh
and but I'm going to try to do this in a
way that can be entertaining everybody
i'm going to stay away from specific
names and things like that so that
people who don't know who i'm talking
about our team they're going hmm so i'm
going to try to do this in a generalized
way so that everyone can enjoy it but i
want to point out again then this is
kind of a message to team double helix
as I've been somewhat dissatisfied
lately with some of the behaviors that
I've been witnessing which is why I've
been rather absent now yes guys i
realize i missed the meeting on friday
that is because i had soccer practice
sorry you know i paid about a hundred
dollars to be a part of a league and i'm
going to go to practice so but i know
you guys understand that yes we've
talked about that before but anyway so
what what what we're specifically
talking about though is like say we're
in a match and someone on the other team
is doing something that aggravates us
like perhaps they're playing a game in a
way that that we find disagreeable which
is a whole nother ball of wax in of
itself and in fact I thing I'm going to
make a second video after I make this
one about about about that subject
anyway back to back to the topic it's
not uncommon for someone who's
frustrated like a maybe they didn't have
a very good game or something too
there's the find some excuse as to why
they didn't do
so well and when the game gets back to
the lobby it's really kind of sad when
the first thing I hear is a member of
TDH disparage making some disparaging
remarks against the person on the other
team now I want to point out it's in our
code of conduct yes we actually have a
code of conduct i like that that we're
not supposed to talk shit you know i
mean now now a little bit of friendly
jiving every now and again is ok you
know you can say hey man you like that
grenade i threw in your back pocket
how'd you like that you know that's
that's that's harmless that's just like
nothing really wrong with that you know
but then you know we get someone like
yeah I will just put down that auto
shotty and you go on the tix a name and
blah blah blah you know it's like that's
not conducive to anything other than so
calm drama which we all fucking hate the
video game drama is something that
teenagers and people who don't get
enough intention in physical day-to-day
life engage in so that they can get the
attention that they're craving and so
why a grown man would feel the need to
bitch and whine and piss and moan about
the way someone else is choosing to play
the game it's just fucking ridiculous to
me I don't get how a tenant of our clan
which is don't talk shit be respectful
can be so easily disregarded in a moment
of frustration and that just doesn't sit
well with me I mean there's it's kind of
frustrating to me that gamers would feel
the need to engage in the types of shit
talking that I hear I mean once again I
want to revisit the fact that little
little things aren't that big of a deal
you know when when you know when ya hey
like that snapshot I got you in the head
and laba but you know that's different
than straight up just saying you know
hey you pussies quick camping or why
don't you come out and actually play the
I mean you know it's like completely
unconstructive bullshit that is
obviously meant to do nothing else than
piss off the other person on the other
side because apparently they've
frustrated you by beating your or making
you not perform so well in the game so
you feel the need to lash out at them
and make them feel bad I guess by
talking shit it's just milking it just
doesn't accomplish anything my whole
point is I let my fucking gun do the
talking because you know if if I step
into a room and I get utterly and
absolutely owned by someone who's
playing a game in a way that I wouldn't
do it like if I get sniped by the same
motherfucker over and over again like
seven rounds in a row that's going to
get under my skin because i fucking hate
snipers I'm annoyed by them anyone I
just watched my previous videos you can
see that but that's just my dumb ass
fault for finding a way to get killed by
that same fucking sniper every fucking
time I'm not going to bitch at him for
sniping in game when I can correct what
I'm doing or change what I'm doing to
get a different result and I don't
understand just it's this is getting
kind of detached and I'm not making a
whole hell of a lot of sense liz i don't
feel like i am which is kind of
disappointing because I'm usually pretty
coherent it just I guess me that just
shows you how agitated and frustrated
and bewildered I get by this behaviors I
have a hard time being coherent about it
but I just I really wanted to say that
anyone who feels the need to just
endlessly talk shit after you know each
round or whatever of a video game is
it's you're really pretty much a
pathetic person in my estimation because
I really don't give a fuck if you just
beat me in a video game so you have more
spare time than I do to sit there and
get good at a video game congratulations
you have less of a life than me um so
but if if you get beat you know take it
like a fucking man and just let your gun
do the talking in the next game
and I just really getting tired of
seeing members of my clan the claim that
I joined the clan that I had the choice
not to join you know but I joined show
chose to join them anyway because the
people were cool and whatnot and then
you know toward me then you know these
people that I thought were cool you know
just engage in juvenile fucking behavior
and I hope that most of them take the
time to watch this they understand that
it's just not fucking cool guys just
knock it off man let your guns do the
fucking talking same nothing if it
bothers you that fucking much take your
goddamn headset off take the mic out of
your fucking ear if you're using a
bluetooth just step on the fucking table
until the next game launches if the
fucking guys on the other time side
talking shit is bothering you that
fucking much ignore it because really
that's the most damaging fucking thing
you can do to these people because they
want they want a reaction they want you
to get angry because if you getting
angry makes them feel good so the best
thing you can do the if you want to piss
them off act just fucking ignora so
that's what I have to say sorry it's
probably wasn't as good as my other ones
but you know I gotta do another one here
in a few minutes after i upload this one
so